well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're gonna talk about
supporting the troops because that is
the American thing to do we support the
troops we do that it's important
we've got shirts that say it bumper
stickers on our trucks we support the
troops what does it mean in a modern war
what does it mean it's not like we went
out and got a war job it's not world war
two anymore doesn't mean anything not
really not today yeah there are some
people who actively support troops and
returning soldiers but there's a whole
lot more bumper stickers it's a slogan
and it was a slogan designed to stop the
anti war effort that's really what it
was so you can get people to say why I
oppose the war but I support the troops
which means I can't oppose the war too
loudly because that would undermine the
troops
sloganeering at its best the reality is
in modern war your support doesn't
matter the support that matters is over
there wherever there is wherever there
is the local populace in the area of
operations that's the support that
matters that's who needs to support the
troops the problem is the US has a
really bad habit of selling those people
out once the war is over good example as
a moment H M Ong
during the Vietnam War they assisted US
forces now they were in the Laos miles
was a neighboring country they were
neutral
so we couldn't put troops there if we
were going to it would have been
probably another 40,000 people deployed
but we didn't have to because the long
took care of it
they disrupted North Vietnamese supply
lines they rescued downed pilots all
kinds of things in support of the US war
effort and then when the war ended we
left them and the Vietcong descended
upon them slaughtered them but daemon
reeducation camps all kinds of horrible
things things that can't talk about on
YouTube really bad things now eventually
years later we did get some of them out
they fled they wound up in Thailand and
we got some of them out and most of them
I don't know if most of them but a whole
lot of them are up in Saint Paul I don't
know if you can imagine that going from
Vietnam and Laos to Thailand and then
ending up in st. Paul that has got to be
a little bit of a switch but they are
now part of the American tapestry
they're part of the American family
and we learned from that right that was
a national embarrassment leaving our
allies like that leaving those that
saved American lives behind that was
embarrassing we would never do that
again
except that we're doing it right now
there is a backlog of tens of thousands
of Iraqi nationals that helped the u.s.
and they're waiting for visas there are
thousands of interpreters and the Terps
are the difference between life and
death literally
communication with the local populace is
paramount it is something that will keep
you alive they have seen a 99 percent
decline and approved visas last year out
of the thousands waiting for one to to
about two hundred two thousand two
people were given their reason in their
home country they're hunted not all of
their countrymen agree with what they
did they have bull's eyes on them a lot
of them had fled gone to other countries
while they wait for their visas some of
them have been waiting ten years or more
but before at least the line was moving
now it's all but stopped a lot of them
were collateral damage during the war
and now they are collateral damage
during Trump's war on immigration they
are being left to die that is what is
going to happen to them - - or give them
visas
you can say what you want about the
geopolitical concerns surrounding the
invasion of Iraq and there's a whole lot
to be said there there is but to the
Iraqi on the ground none of that
mattered not once the occupation started
they'd pick aside and these these people
dead and they sided with the US and now
we're abandoning them for no reason
these people saved American lives they
risked their lives they would go out on
patrols and incidentally NBC ran an
article about this and in that I want to
point something out because I think NBC
missed a bigger story guys telling his
story about how he used to go out on
patrols and all of that and he it's
quoted that he started when he was 17 17
going out on combat patrols even if he
was unarmed I'm fairly certain that
would qualify as engaging in direct
hostilities that's what we call a child
soldier that's probably a bigger story
I'm wondering how widespread that
practice was I had never heard of
anything like that before
but here we are we learned nothing from
Vietnam we are making the same mistakes
again but once again just like with
supporting the troops it doesn't really
affect us it doesn't mean anything to us
it's those people over there so those
people over there that have to do it and
it's those people over there that are
being left behind because the political
winds have changed in the United States
so they get to die anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day